Redesign documentation (#78)
XanaduAI/pennylane-qiskit: doc/devices/overview.rst

Overview
========

Once the PennyLane-Qiskit plugin is installed, the following Qiskit devices
can be accessed straightaway in PennyLane.

Devices
~~~~~~~

Currently, there are three devices for different qiskit "providers":

.. devicegalleryitem::
    :name: 'qiskit.aer'
    :description: Qiskit's staple simulator with great features such as noise models.

>     :link: aer.html

Reviewer: These look really nice!
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2959003/78518131-baf15c80-77fe-11ea-8310-2b8cfb6caa54.png)

We should steal this design for the PL docs, in cases where we want to have cards, but don't have any thumbnails/images.

.. devicegalleryitem::
    :name: 'qiskit.basicaer'
    :description: A simplified version of the Aer device, which requires fewer dependencies.
    :link: basicaer.html

.. devicegalleryitem::
    :name: 'qiskit.ibmq'
    :description: Allows integration with qiskit's hardware backends, and hardware-specific simulators.
    :link: ibmq.html

.. raw:: html

        <div style='clear:both'></div>
        </br>

For example, the ``'qiskit.aer'`` device with two wires called like this:

.. code-block:: python

    import pennylane as qml
    dev = qml.device('qiskit.aer', wires=2)

Qiskit devices have different **backends**, which define which actual simulator or hardware is used by the
device. Different simulator backends are optimized for different types of circuits. A backend can be defined as
follows:

.. code-block:: python

    dev = qml.device('qiskit.aer', wires=2, backend='unitary_simulator')

> PennyLane chooses a default backend if no backend is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PennyLane chooses the ``qasm_simulator`` as the default backend if no backend is specified.
For more details on the ``qasm_simulator``, including available backend options, see
`Qiskit Qasm Simulator documentation <https://qiskit.org/documentation/stubs/qiskit.providers.aer.QasmSimulator.html>`_.
```

Tutorials
~~~~~~~~~

To see the PennyLane-Qiskit plugin in action, you can use any of the qubit based `demos
from the PennyLane documentation <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demonstrations.html>`_, for example
the tutorial on `qubit rotation <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demos/tutorial_qubit_rotation.html>`_,
and simply replace ``'default.qubit'`` with any of the available Qiskit devices, such as ``'qiskit.aer'``:

.. code-block:: python

    dev = qml.device('qiskit.aer', wires=XXX)

You can also try to run tutorials, such as the qubit rotation tutorial, on actual quantum hardware by
using the ``'qiskit.ibmq'`` device.

To filter tutorials that explicitly use a qiskit device, use the "Qiskit" filter on the right panel of the

> `demos <https://pennylane.ai/qml/demonstrations.html>`_.

Reviewer: Nice! We should update it at some point, so that https://pennylane.ai/qml/demonstrations.html#qiskit automatically loads the page with the qiskit filter enabled.

Author: Yes, at the moment the filter does not seem to create a new linkable page...

Reviewer: This will likely require some javascript on the demos.rst page, to parse any part of the URL after the `#` and use it to activate the filter

Reviewer 2: OMG this is so cool!! :laughing:
